doc: mention markdown linting in BUILDING.md (#28578)
nodejs/node: BUILDING.md

do not submit patches that fail either check.

If you want to run the linter without running tests, use

> `make lint`/`vcbuild lint`. It will run JavaScript, C++, and Markdown linting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`make lint`/`vcbuild lint`. It will lint JavaScript, C++, and Markdown files.
```

Author: Done.
